hi how about my name is a reporter and
well I bring you presenting my new
nano tank 120 liters is a bun
550 modified lighting by me
I have four months from now
have started it and how can you notice
Well, it is evolving quite
quite well the water has matured very
very very very well very fast
I want to show you some caresses that
I have done to this aquarium as
example the control panel that what
believe I think we should all have one
same to control all the
connections and all the devices that
we have installed in our aquarium
as the pump the light is the heater
etcetera that we have in this aquarium
well we already have live rock live sand
I have two different moods
we also find three hermits
legs are tiny snails
polyps
what else do we have good we have a clam
fire I recommend you watch the video
that I have made of this clam that
find on my channel available
and well the aquarium is evolving
quite pretty well how can
watch him miss more corals
more polyps plus little things but life is
interesting how it is created in a
marine aquarium for all of us
like it 's something very impressive is something
very very very father and for those who do not
I could recommend that you start with a
saltwater aquariums are very pretty
You can see this anemone is beautiful
this is so is photosynthetic requires of
light feeds on light part of flight
of your special food obviously
I'm going to talk to you a little bit more about this
aquarium that I am riding
its original lighting I keep it
although I no longer use it and they are 2 pl of 24
watts each
contains 2 are 48 watts two whites two
blue
I modified this this lighting
for a led bar that I made myself
contains 5 high brightness LEDs
700,000 jumpers
five white four four connected
in parallel
and they give me an intensity of barbaric light
but quite pretty strong and with so
only a consumption of 27 watts
well what else we have in this aquarium
we have a wave generator pump
we have a submersible digital thermometer
the tip obviously we have organized
all cables with a hose to
that looks aesthetic and is cleaner
all
well I can tell you the truth
I invite all the people who are
watching this video to start with a
marine aquarium I know that they are not going to
regret
they will see a truly world
wonderful
something from what is also I want
comment the skimmer the skimmer is something
it's like the heart of the aquarium its
operation is the one that more or less is
Ours is the optimum among more foam
means that the water is quite
well of salt does not mean that it is
last as long as you have the measurements
made but if no foam lacks salt
to your water
What I can tell you is that I'm going
to be creating several videos of everything
what do I have in my
in my aquarium or in my aquariums I will
to be detailing, I'm going to talk about the
polyps
of the anemones of the clowns of the
damsels of the crabs in order to
everything I have and what I have
go happening in my aquarium I'm going to
be creating information to
all of you that more in the favor of seeing
my videos
I invite you to subscribe to my
channel and clear I recommend the channel
marine aquariums since they visit it
they will find things very very
interesting detailed information so
as support and help of all the
owners of the channel I liked
quite this video goes to for what
sailors too but good subscribe
both channels I do not ask for anything and between
we can all support and win
enough things and of course remember
any question any concern
any request
just leave me a message here
on my channel and be sure that
you will get an answer equally in the
marine aquarium channel joseluis never
let
a single question without answering
maybe I took a little bit but have
sure you will get an answer
I believe that all of us
interested in this medium of the
marine aquarium hobby because this
we can contribute many things and help us
to support each other that I can more
say I'm me for have this is my
nano aquarium of 120 liters I hope that you
I liked it and subscribe to my channel
here we are
and we will be in touch greetings